https://classpundit.signin.aws.amazon.com/console

username: mohit.saini
password: Bach1196Moz

--URLS--------------------------------------


classpundit.com/<2 char ISO alpha-2 Country Code/<Hyphenated name of provider>

where:

    Country codes (US or IN or CA etc) --> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2
    Hyphenated Name of Provider:  

        Replace spaces in the Name of Provider with hyphens.
        Hyphenated Name of Provider must not exceed 25 chars
        If the hyphenated name exceeds 25 char, truncate it before the last hyphen that affects the length.
        For eg. 
        Melody musicals become "melody-musicals"
        Satoman Taikwando JiuJitsu Martial Arts School becomes "satoman-taikwando-jiu"
        In case of conflicts, we will include a hyphen and a counter in addition (this may cause the length to increase from 25 to 27 chars sometimes)

Let's go with this as the default.  If this takes off, we can always suggest the default, and let providers pick a unique name of their choice as long as it's available.


----------------------------------------



3. Minimize button - Right now it appears on a separate bar, but unfortunately, that looks like a search bar.  What about moving it elsewhere so it's not a searchbar.  Also after minimizing, we want the user to know to expand.  So maybe alternate use of + and - maybe?

4.  The map is looking very beautiful I must say.  We could add a + and - on the circle itself, so people can increase/decrease the radius area of the circle automatically.  

6. Radio buttons on the Select All Cats:  Too many squares at the moment.
- Maybe a smaller font for the subcats? Also, I am thinking if we can take out the outline for the radio button so it doesn't look glary?  And a square for the cat and a circle for the subcat maybe?  Will leave it to you.

7.  Maybe we can remove the labels "Address" and "Call" and just have the icons - they are self-explanatory and beautiful at the same time will give space for more details?


10. In the business card, add the cat/subcat in addition to the provider details, below or something, so the user has context.

11. green map marker make it movable on the screen.
